                      Minutes Meeting 16

                           Jonathan Jeurissen
                              March 2, 2010


1 Meeting Information
Date: Friday, February 22, 2009
Time: 18H00--19H00
Place: E.010

1.1 Attendees
Following members were present:

   * Nick De Cooman
   * Jonathan Jeurissen
   * Bart Maes
   * Jorne Laton
   * Patrick Provinciael
   * Wouter Van Rossem

   * Sina Khakbaz Heshmati
1.2 Revision History
 Rev. Date Description
  1.0 February 28, 2009 First draft created
  1.1 March 1, 2009 Revised by QA Assistant


                                      1


2 Purpose of this meeting

This meeting has been arranged because there were a few complaints about
Patrick and Patrick's attitude towards the project and it's members. In this
meeting those arguments have been discussed by the whole team.

3 Arguments
   * Implementation:
     Offense: Friday February 19,2010 it looked like Patrick has not im-
     plemented anything yet.
     Defense: Patrick has already done implementation, but has not com-
     mitted it yet (because his code was not tested yet), which let to believe
     Patrick did not implement anything yet.
   * Environment not set-up completely:
     Offense: In the timesheet of week 51, Patrick claims to have set-up
     the environment. Quote: "Prepared for the Implementation phase. In-
     cluding: Ensuring that environment is set-up. Read and prepared the
     task assigned to me." At February 19th, Patrick was not finished with
     setting up JBoss and Seam. This became clear in the workshop. De-
     fense: Patrick had installed Eclipse, with all it's plugins. This was
     what he meant by setting up the environment. It was a misunder-
     standing. Patrick could easily install JBoss, but he was waiting for the
     verdict whether JBoss would be installed on the server or locally (N.B.
     On the server and locally was the answer to this question, as already
     explained by Sina). Anyway, he encountered a problem: his laptop was
     unable to run JBoss and Seam due to a shortage of memory.

   * No progression, no drive:
     Offense: According to Nick, there was no drive in Patrick for this
     project. This statement was not shared by everyone. He didn't come
     to the workshop, because it didn't seem important enough. Defense:
     Patrick has put a lot of work in the project, but sometimes he spends
     time on the wrong subjects instead of those of his deadlines. Patrick
     also knows from himself that he has been too lazy sometimes in the
     past, but he will work on this. However, Patrick says that his drive for
     this course was strong enough, but that it decreases by these critics.
   * No test framework:
     Offense: There is no test framework yet, while the deadline was in

                                          2


  December. Defense: There is a test framework, namely JUnit, but
  it seemed insufficient for Seam. Seam has its own test framework,
  but Patrick knew too late that he should have used TestNG instead
  of JUnit. He still needed time (because of the exams) to study Seam
  and TestNG, that's why the usable test framework is not finished yet.
  Wednesday, February 24th, he will give a quick tutorial on how to use
  TestNG. The framework will be finished by the end of February.
* STD not finished yet:
  Offense: The STD is only 9 pages and only contains basic information.
  It's not fished yet. Defense: In the previous meeting this has already
  been discussed. The STD will be updated in the future, but Patrick
  wanted to focus on the implementation instead of working on the STD.
  In his opinion, the Implementation (which needs 2 phases) is more
  important than finishing the STD.

* Attitude:
  Offense: Sometime Patrick has a negative (or even aggressive) atti-
  tude towards the other team members. Arguing is sometimes a prob-
  lem, as Patrick gets easily infuriated (with yelling in a meeting as a
  result). Patrick has a strong opinion and sometimes does not like the
  help or thoughts from others. When he sticks to his opinion (which
  is not always the one with the best arguments), this can work contra-
  productive. Defense: He is aware of this problem and does its best to
  keep himself under control when arguing. This effort is visible, but still
  insufficient for now. Also, this critic is a little bit old and there have
  not been real problems since the last time that there was some yelling
  in the meetings, as he worked on that. Nevertheless, Patrick also has
  to be to be a contributor. He is aware of his strong opinion and he will
  try to appreciate the help from others. We're all a team here.
* Conventions:
  Offense: The conventions are not yet complete and are not specific
  enough. Defense: The conventions were still general because Patrick
  didn't want to overload the team with conventions. They will be edited
  soon and will be put online on the according Wiki page.
* Critics towards the manager:
  Offense: Nick claims that the line has been crossed too much and too
  many time and he sent an e-mail with arguments to Patrick, without
  telling him first in person. This e-mail was for Patrick an aggressive
  attack and has put him in a weak position. Defense: There were

                                        3


     several opinions about this subject. Some members agreed that Nick
     should not have send this e-mail to the whole group, but should have
     privately discussed this with Patrick. The meeting on the other hand
     was a good idea, as the team wants to help with these problems. Patrick
     said he was surprised about all the arguments and noted that one should
     handle a problem when it occurs and not when the line has been crossed
     too much'.

4 Arguments against Patrick from Patrick him-
     self

Patrick had prepared a document with a sort of QA against himself and he
discussed this shortly. The items in this document are enumerated because
he wanted to improve on these subjects. By the way, this document was
meant for the previous meeting, but due to a train delay, he could not be
there.
   * Communication:
     Patrick did too many things without clearly communicating with the
     others.
   * Deadlines:
     Unimportant deadlines are also important.

   * Laziness:
     Patrick claims to be lazy sometimes.
   * Timesheets:
     His timesheets are wrong, but not because he puts too much on them
     but often because he didn't put enough references on them. Patrick
     did give some examples about this. However, sometimes the results
     of his many hours were not there. Also, occasionally there are a few
     references missing in his timesheets.
   * A few other items, which were already discussed above

5 N.B.

This meeting should also be a warning to the other team members. This
project should be taken seriously and there is not much time to lose. This is

                                          4


why this problem has been discussed, in the line of progression. The purpose
is that the team gets stronger out of it.

6 Agenda
A complete list of Agenda items is available on [?].


























                                         5


