
    Software Engineering Group 2 (2009-2010)


                         Meeting Report
                          Jonathan Jeurissen



        Tuesday, October 20, 2009, 12H00-13H00 in CSB

                            Seminaryroom 1

     Attendees

     Nick De Cooman            Present

     Jonathan Jeurissen        Present

     Sina Khakbaz Heshmati     Present

     Jorne Laton               Present

     Bart Maes                 Present

     Patrick Provinciael       Present

     Wouter Van Rossem         Present


1     Website



1.1    LATEX template


In terms of consistency, there is a need for a template file to make the

LaTex documents. To be able to use the same style in every

LaTeX document, a template specifically designed for Salesmen, will be cre-

ated by Patrick. This template will incorporate a new Salesmen logo.
1.2    Timesheet template


A timesheet template is now available on the website[?].  How this code

should be used is explained on the same webpage. Basically, every member

of the team needs to add his own .XML code in a so called "TimeTrack" file

to the correct place on the server. The collection of the .XML codes can be

automatically put together and a .pdf can be extracted.


                                     1


1.3    SVN


The SVN consists of 5 parts: Trunk (main development branch), Timesheets

(summary of time spent by each member), Minutes (reports of meetings),

Branches and Tags (snapshots of stable version). Only the first 3 need to be

checked out, when a team member wants to update or add files. More infor-

mation of the SVN can be found in the Wiki of the Salesmen Google Code

website[?].  It is absolutely necessary that everyone uses and understands

SVN. A tutorial on how to use SVN (on Linux and on Windows) will be

prepared, so everybody can manage their own files, without Sina's personal

help. To automate the uploading even more, there will be worked on a script

that converts .tex files to .pdf and .txt.
2     SPMP


The current version of the SPMP has been presented to the team. Especially

the deadlines and the summary of tasks(Organizational structure) were thor-

oughly debated.
2.1    Deadlines


There were only a few minor changes in the deadlines:


    o Minutes:

      The deadline for the Minutes will be changed to 3 days after the meet-

      ing. The first version of the Minutes should be finished 2 days after the

      meeting and will then be inspected by the Quality Assurance Team.

      The third day after the meetings, the final version of the Minutes need

      to be online on the website.


    o Timesheet:

      Everyones personal timesheet should be filled out every Sunday by

      00H00 (instead of the previous 20H00).  This decision has been made

      because some members would like to work between 20H00 and 00H00

      on a Sunday evening.


    o SRS:

      The first version of the SRS needs to be released on Monday, November

      2, 2009.  The second version (to be seen as a pre-final version) needs

      to be online on Monday, November 9, 2009.  As this project uses the

      spiral model, there will possibly be made new versions of the SRS after

      the first program cycle.



                                     2


2.2    Proces Model


In the SPMP a schematic of the future work flows needs to be made.  At

this moment, there was only an example available of the spiral model.  A

schematic, specifically designed for Salesmen, will be made.



2.3    Organizational structure


There was a bit of incertitude about who should talk with the client and also

about the specific task of the Design Manager concerning the website. These

uncertainties should be clarified in the next version of the SPMP.
3     Documenting methods


There was a small disagreement about whether or not methods that were not

chosen in this project should be documented.  An example of this problem

can be found below. There has been decided to focus on the chosen methods.

If there is a need to mention alternatives, they should be shortly noted or

referred in a comparative way.

Example of the problem       As the spiral model has been chosen, should the

      disadvantages of the waterfall model be explained ?


Solution   The waterfall model has been considered as an alternative, but it

      was discarded in favor of the spiral method.
4     Replying e-mails


From now on, everybody needs use se2@tinf.vub.ac.be    for all mails (also

when they are meant for a specific team member. However, there has been

an agreement on subject syntax for those kinds of e-mails that are sent to

specific team members of the group.  In this way, it will be clearer which

mails are relevant for each team member and it will still be possible to read

all mails, if desired. For a specific e-mail, one will then have to use:

"[SpecificName(s)] Subject"

When sending mails to the whole group, the names don't need to be specified.
5     Risk Analysis


A list of the current risks will be kept on the Wiki page. These are the new

risks discussed at the last meeting:



                                     3


Current Risks:

   1. What if the client can't make an appointment before the deadline?

      Solution:

      The client should be contacted as soon as possible. Update: The client

      has been contacted on Friday, October 23, 2009 and an appointment

      has been made on Monday, October 26, 2009.


   2. What if the the wrong questions have been asked to the client?

      Solution:

      There should be at least two appointments with the client before the

      first version of the SRS will be available.   Also,  a full list of the

      questions[?] needs to be available at the website, so every team member

      can add his own questions.


   3. What if the requirements are misunderstood or misinterpreted?

      Solution:

      The interview with the client will be recorded and will be made avail-

      able to all team members (if this is allowed).  This interview will be

      relistened by the Quality Assurance manager to reduce misinterpreta-

      tions. In order to avoid ambiguity, there will be a presentation of the

      requirements in another appointment with the client.
6     Next Meeting


Next meeting will be on Fiday 30, 2009 at 12H00, in CSB Seminaryroom 1.



6.1    Agenda


As there is a deadline for the Minutes Report, the complete list of Agenda

items cannot be included in this document, but are available on [?].
References


 [1] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/HowtoSubmitTimesheet


 [2] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/HowtoSvnCommandline


 [3] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/RequirementsInterview


 [4] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/NextMeetingTopics

                     Last revised on October 27, 2009.
                                     4
